Yeah, lots of people did.
I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money. Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away!

Shut up and take my money! I don't 'need' to drink. I can quit anytime I want! Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat. " And "Put on your good vestments. " It must be wonderful.

I don't want to be rescued.
I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news! Oh yeah, good luck with that. Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men.

That's not soon enough!
Take me to your leader!
I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died.
Hey, guess what you're accessories to.
Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. Yeah. Give a little credit to our public schools. Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think?

You lived before you met me?!
No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it.
Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"!
We don't have a brig. I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo. Large bet on myself in round one. You're going to do his laundry? Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies.

Moving along… Oh God, what have I done? Well, let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it. I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him.

Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression! Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.

Why would a robot need to drink? So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct? Look, last night was a mistake. Does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried? I'll get my kit!

I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. I'm a thing. Yeah, lots of people did. There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors! Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up? …To shreds, you say. Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying! You lived before you met me?!

I'll get my kit! Guess again. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. No, just a regular mistake.

I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!

Shut up and get to the point! Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. It's okay, Bender. I like cooking too. Do a flip! Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way? Bender! Ship! Stop bickering or I'm going to come back there and change your opinions manually!

I am Singing Wind, Chief of the Martians. With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun! I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! Ow, my spirit! Shut up and get to the point!

I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny! I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.